ci: add check for generated files (#714)
hetznercloud/cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

  set-rdns                    Change reverse DNS of a Server
  ssh                         Spawn an SSH connection for the server
```

### Generated files

> Generated files (that are created by running `go generate`) should be prefixed with `zz_`. This is so that they are
> grouped together in the file list and are easy to identify as generated files. Also, it allows the CI to check if the
> generated files are up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated files (that are created by running `go generate`) should be prefixed with `zz_`. This is to group them together in the file list and to easily identify them as generated files. Also, it allows the CI to check if the
generated files are up-to-date.
```
